Welcome to the official Saster Podcast
where you can hear some of the best SAS
speakers. This is where the cloud meets
up today on the Saster Podcast. Don't
fire anyone good to replace them with AI
if you haven't learned anything. If
someone's fail, if they can't close
anything or if your AI SDR hasn't set a
single appointment, I mean your human
SDR, maybe just replace that budget
with, you know, if your SDR can't do
anything, you know, you can't do worse
than zero.
But we'll track it. the many of you, if
you're early stage folks watching this,
you'll think that's expensive and if you
don't believe in the vendor, it will
seem very expensive. It will because
you'll get quoted by a sales rep a lot
of money
>> and it will feel risky to you if the
deployment doesn't work.
>> You know, we that's why we're not trying
to be walking billboards, but we do
share the vendors that we use. Others
are good, too. But if you get the right
people, it's going to work. But it it
can feel risky. It's tough to start at
500 bucks a month today, but you got to
take a little risk in life.
[Music]
Hey everybody, it's Saster. Connect
data, automate busy work, and empower
teams like nobody's business with the
one platform that grows with you every
step of the way. Learn how Salesforce
works for startups at
salesforce.com/smv.
That's salesforce.com/smv.
Hey Ser, imagine having agents for every
support tact. One that triages tickets,
another that catches duplicates, one
that spots turn risk. That'd be pretty
amazing, right? Happy Fox just made it
real with autopilot. These pre-built AI
agents deploy in about 60 seconds and
run for as low as 2 cents per successful
action. All of it sits inside the Happy
Omni Channel AI first support stack,
Chatbot, Copilot, and Autopilot working
as one. Check them out at
happyfox.com/aster.
[Music]
All right. Hello everyone. Welcome.
All right. Um, welcome to everyone in
today listening or your agents that are
also listening and you'll be reading the
recap later. We thought it would be fun
to do a deep dive into where we're at
today in our AI journey.
It's kind of crazy to think before SAS
annual this last May we really only had
one agent that we had sort of just
deployed
and now we have about 20 or so core
agents which we've gone through but I'll
go through a little bit as well for
context. So it's crazy to see you know
just kind of from May till November you
know postanual now that we're full in
all the platforms we've added a lot more
use cases across go to market which
you'll see just to give an update of
where we're at what's working
there's some nuances on what hasn't
worked and there's some maybe unexpected
learnings there that we'll also go
through but hopefully it's helpful for
folks just to listen and hear and see
where we're at share our learnings and
our findings. Hopefully this helps you
as well. Um, but if you have any
questions as we go along, put them into
the chat. We'll try and do a bunch of
questions at the end. Help answer you
guys any deep dive questions, too. So,
with that, I try and keep admitting you
guys.
Let's go through it.
So, what do I mean by six months of AI
running our GTM? Now, it's not on full
autopilot. So, it is not just that the
AI is running a muck with RGTM on its
own. It does require a lot of oversight
and time and management, which you'll
see here today of how we do that, how we
think about it, and also how we are
thinking about doing that going forward.
Just cuz right now it does take
literally the majority I would say, of
both mine and Jason's time to run all
these agents and use them successfully,
right? if we could run more agents and
they would fail if we didn't put in as
much time. But since we do devote a lot
of time to them, they've become quite
timeconsuming. Now, none of that is to
scare you. I don't think
you know 20 is the right amount for
everybody. So, if you haven't seen this
sasser.ai/agents,
you can see all the agents we use.
There's a mix of ones we've coded that
Jason's talked about previously, and
then there's ones that we are using
third party tools for. So that's all
listed there. You'll see most of those
here today too. We'll go through the
metrics of them just like in full
disclosure. I've got screenshots of all
of our metric and then also we're going
to go through how we think about them in
our day-to-day. So Jason, anything you
want to add there?
>> No, I think that's great. I think and I
think I'm going to go through all of it,
but I think most importantly, we'll give
you an update on how all our AI
SDRs/BDRs have worked, outbound,
inbound, the actual data,
which I think will be super helpful when
Millie put this together, which is
great.
>> Yep. And then, so why 20, right? So,
I'll kick this off to say 20 is not the
right amount for most people.
I think even like a few is maybe the
right amount for most people. Or even
right now if you're like I have maybe
let's say one agent kind of fully
deployed. I it's scaring me to go from
one to 20. I don't think you should take
this as like the gold standard of
everyone needs to be on 20 apps or
you're behind. Now I do think you need
to be we've talked about this before. I
do think you need to be on some version
of this stack in GTM to not fall behind.
And I'll show you why. But I don't think
20 is the right number for everyone. I
feel like between myself and Jason were
fairly technical, right? Some of the
stuff we vibe coded, we've been thinking
about for a long time. Some of the stuff
you'll see that we've deployed across
our go to market or is where we had gaps
and we had a need to fill them, right?
So that's why we have 20. I just put a
fun image of, you know, this is a real
image of myself that then uh Reeves
added a digital clone to. But I think
there is a lot of talk and I want to get
your thoughts quick Jason on this before
we move on you know how much can AI
clone yourself how much can it do I
would say now 6 months in it is for us
and for me it's become a clone of all
the best things we can do when we devote
the time to it right like it can do such
a better like a such a massively scale
of output more than I could physically
do or that Jason could physically do.
There's just so much scale in getting
these systems to actually work and go to
market. That is a scale that no no
single human could achieve, right? And
so that's kind of the magic of it. I
think 6 months in it still does not
cease to amaze me how much we can do
with our AI together across all of go to
market. And I would say too in the last
6 months we didn't start with all of go
to market, right? We started with
basically a support use case and then we
added in the we layered in the other
places where people either left the org
or we had gaps or we wanted to improve
how we were doing these things in go to
market. And so that's kind of how we
landed on 20. That's why we have it all
across the org. But I think this concept
now it's cloning the best parts of your
best players. Right? Maybe your org
isn't as small internally as Aster is.
Um and you've got more folks. And I
think there is now, I think, a clear
path to where I'm seeing in these
platforms, you can clone all your best A
players, right? Take all the best A
players on your team across marketing,
sales, CS, sales, rev ops, and make them
tier with AI. I I truly believe that's
possible and you'll see it from our
results. But yeah, what do you any
thoughts out there, Jason?
>> I think that's a really great insight
thinking about what we have learned
since we've had some success. A lot of
folks want agents, specifically AI SDRs,
AI BDRs, AI marketing agents, others,
they want them to do magical work for
them. They want to spend 20 grand, 50
grand, 100 grand and all of a sudden get
leads. That is I didn't fully realize
that till just now said that's the wrong
way to think about it. What your agents
can do and it is so powerful is they can
take your best practices and scale them
out almost infinitely. Figure out what
works. Figure out what campaigns work,
what messaging, whatever works, is
already working. You have to have
something that's working. An agent can't
today figure out make something that
isn't working work. But if you know
what's working and then this is
important, you train the agent with it.
Then you get 24/7 infinite firepower
backing up your best practices and your
best practices will change and you'll
run AB tests and ABCDEF tests and
multivariant tests. But you've got to
understand what is working in GDM before
your agent can scale it up. And I think
that is a fundamental mistake that
confuses folks. It's not about buying a
tool. But once you have something that
works, which we have, and Ameilia will
show you the data, then you can scale in
a way you can't with humans.
>> Yep. Yep. I would say that's my biggest
learning six month in like we we took
things that were already work or some
processes were broken, right? like our
RevOps process was pretty broken before
we did this, but we figured out how to
fix it and then we basically put that on
acid with the AI and the agents. So, I
do think it's a it's an interesting
nuance of how to approach it as you know
people are in different states. Okay,
this is just a quick fun one before I go
into our data. This is from Jason's
co-host Rory SC. This is their state of
GTM AI. Um, it's pretty good. It's
actually fairly short but concise. So I
like it. You can just go to their site,
you can download it. It said a lot of
interesting things that I used to kind
of anchor how I wanted to present a lot
of our data since we have a lot, right?
So I think we're in this right now par
sort of paradoxical world in November of
2025 where a lot of folks have adopted
at least one sort of AI or agent. But
maybe to Jason's point that he just
made, a lot of them aren't seeing the
impact because either they're expecting
too much or they're not putting in the
time. So I think that's kind of where I
see the paradox lying in this report.
You'll see if you're I'll write it up
too on just some of my learnings but you
know you'll see across go to market
which ties into this most most most
deeply the adoption has been in
marketing but if you read the whole
report it's on kind of what I consider
base level adoption right like they're
using cloud to create content. Yes so
are we. But you'll see our more kind of
like sophisticated 2.0 know stacked at
the end of this sales dev same thing
they're using it for sales messaging
like the kind of middle ground is using
it for starting to do things like rev
ops or more intelligent emails again
consider that kind of baseline I feel
like you can again if you take the best
people give them an agent they get used
to and they know how to train it I do
think you can get them to blow by that
fairly quickly so I think across the
board even what they said sales and CS
is a lot of folks are still early,
right? So, a lot of still early adopters
there across the board, but some good
stuff there. I'll try and tie into what
we're going to show.
I think just a quick one to tie into
that data plus what Jason was saying as
well. Here are my quick biggest
learnings and then literally all the
next slides are the data that we'll run
through.
I think again in in a lot of early days
and as you add more platform I think the
expectation that it gets easier with
each platform you add is false. So that
I wouldn't expect to have that
expectation. I do think a lot of the
platforms whether you use like one
specialized one for each function the
way we are or you end up on one platform
that does kind of like a little bit of
everything pretty good. Maybe in that
case it gets a little bit easier as time
goes on. But it's never set it and
forget it. The biggest thing is that our
agents will eb and flow. Oddly,
depending on how much time the humans
put in, right? So, the more time I put
in with our agents, wow, shocker, the
better the output is. And sometimes that
es and flows, right? Like we get busy.
We have faster lending coming up. So, I
can't always spend the amount of time I
would like to with the agents, right?
And so, that obviously does translate to
the results. And so, I think that's one
of the biggest things. I think Jason's
point on like immediate RO and headcount
is a hugely false expectation that I
hope nobody have on this call but if you
had it maybe going into this can kind of
course correct on where are you going to
see lift and there there have been cases
in our data you'll see where we did get
immediate list but again it took our
processes like it took us recreating
some of our best processes that were
already working to get an immediate lift
in these six months you And then I think
in the expectation on needing to staff
like an AI expert, I've talked to a
bunch of CMOs and CRO's now as well as
founders that are either at SAS or
participating in SAS where you know they
say hey million you know what's your
advice on my biggest problem right now
is we're starting to onboard all these
tools but I don't have anybody to run
it. I don't have a chief AI officer like
I am now to help us figure all this out.
What do I do? And most folks I will say
that that have figured this out and
started to
deploy AI more across the GTM org have
told me that their best success has been
again taking your a player. Take
somebody that is the best person on your
sales ops team, your rev ops team, your
best marketer, your best SDR, your best
AE.
Sit down with them, figure out what
tools you want to use together. Don't
just deploy it to them from, you know,
the castle. And then go through that
process with them together because it's
very important, too, that you need to do
the AI yourself in order to figure out
how it works. You know, you can't expect
the even your best STR to know how to
instantly use this. You got to help them
out and help them figure it out a little
bit. But everyone I talk to that says
they go this route of using the best A
tier players and injecting AI and
figuring it out with them have now they
have now changed their job roles like in
the way that my job role has changed
into now chief AI officer they're saying
the same thing. This is like the best
path I've seen work for people across
and these are you know founders and CMOs
at different stages different some of
them are even AI native companies and
they need to figure out AI too. They're
they're just taking all their best
people figuring out and these are the
founders figuring out AI with them in
the trenches and then you become this S
tier team together with AI that can do
this again great outputs that you'll see
like ours with everything AI. I think
this like somebody else asked me
yesterday
I you know I'm rolling out a few
platforms some of the some of them are
ones that SAS uses. Do you like
recommend anybody to
any either anybody or like an agency
that can help me deploy all this? I'm
like that's the wrong way to go about
it. One, you got to figure it out
yourself. Two, you know, no, I don't
care who where anybody went in life or
school or whatever. No single person on
planet Earth will know how to do this
better. There's no agency that already
knows how to do this. There's no maybe
there's a few like estier people at orgs
that you can try and steal, but outside
of that I wouldn't, you know, buy the
snake oil of oh, we're an AI native
agency and we know how to do GTM across
the entire org. I'm like, they probably
haven't done it themselves.
I know maybe that's a little
disheartening that you have to figure
out yourself, but that is the best path
forward in the meantime until others
catch up.
And then I would say too, don't get too
hung up on this data governance thing. A
lot of folks I talk to now, especially
at bigger or
get very concerned on, okay, if I add so
many agents, I'm going to need
governance as a layer or I'm going to
need to clean up all my data and
cleaning up all my data or getting all
the processes right is going to take two
years before I can even think about
implementing. I think too much data is
too much data and if you have things
that are working, again, I would focus
there first. So, I wouldn't try and
tackle, you know, bite off more than you
can chew. It just it didn't work preAI
and it stuck work with AI.
And then I think the last one because
the other ones we'll get into per
department is I hear this panic a lot
from folks now. I don't know if it's
because of how much content we post
about AI or
because of all the tweets, all the
LinkedIn messages that they have to keep
adding. Oh, I got to catch I got SAS has
20. I got to get to 20. You don't like
actually we have 20 and I'm only adding
one more tool for the rest of the year.
That's literally it. I'm adding more use
cases to our current agent. I'm adding a
2.0 agent to agent force. I'm adding a
2.0 thing to qualified. Like I'm going
deeper on our current tools. I'm adding
one more because I think it's cool.
And that's probably it for the foresee
like Q1. I don't really know what I'm
going to add yet. Actually, I feel like
if our agents can just go a little
deeper, I may not add anything new. I
might add, you know, just deeper use
cases. Our current
Okay, let's start with outbound. I'll
try not to spend all the time here. We I
know outbound is near and dear to a lot
of our hearts and we talk about it a
lot, but I'll start here and I'll get
your input too.
So for outbound 6 months in now, we have
sent now almost 20,000 messages.
Actually, it would be 20,000. Again, if
the human me had a little bit more time
to send with my agent, it'd be over
20,000, but still 20,000 is like a lot.
Overall, our outbound with the AI is
almost a 7%
overall response rate, which is, you
know, kind of double just overall
averages across anything you'll see from
all any, you know, tool that does
sequences and outreach. A 4% positive
response rate, which is higher than
most. Now, keep that in mind. This is
like higher than most folks on the
platform.
But interestingly too, now that it's
been six months, 10% of ticket revenue
for SAS AI in London only on this agent.
So this is an interesting thing where I
have seen our outbound agent. It has
different goals. We've explained this
previously, but I'll just give you guys
some context. It has different goals and
so it has like different agents in one
platform because the training is
different on all those agents. I have an
agent basically for lap sponsors. I've
got one for current sponsors. I've got
one for people who previously attended
Soundster now. And now I have one for
people who are opening our emails but
maybe not taking any actions with us.
And then I have one purely for cold
outbound. So all of those agents are
trained and tuned in a slightly
different way because I those audiences
are different, right? The messaging is
different. The collateral of what we
want the agent to do and also the goal
for the a what we want the agent to do
is very different across those five. And
so we've got about five core ones just
within Artisan that are set up
differently.
And this is I think is surprising
because at the start I was like okay you
know it's an outbound tool. They were a
sponsor of Sster this last May like I'm
going to use it for sponsorships
but then I quickly saw okay like it's
not bad at booking meetings. It's fine
to bookie meetings and that's great and
then you know capture that intent and
it's a great way to do follow-ups again
to like current or past or lapse
customers. It's a great way to do that
using AI again at scale in a more
consistent way that sometimes we can't
physically do.
But then you know there was just this
interesting learning of because tickets
for London and then now for annual are
you know less than $1,000 depending on
which event you go to. The AI got pretty
good at selling the tickets itself. Like
it got pretty good. Like at first I was
nervous. Now six months in I'm like it's
let let it go. Let it run free. Like
it's gotten pretty good now with all the
time we put in that it is empowered to
sell tickets to be bulk. Again, it's a
lower ASP. So maybe that's the most
interesting learning. And it is still
booking meetings for us on like the
higher ASP things. But you know these
people know us and it's just it's giving
us this scale and personalization in a
way we couldn't pre you know pre six
months ago like every event after we
have a event I struggle to you know send
I'm like okay we should send out
hyperpersonalized follow-ups to everyone
to all the sponsors to all the attendees
to all the speakers everyone you think
about London that's 2,000 people annual
that's 10,000 people like we could never
do it right like we had to literally
cherrypick the people who got like an
actual human customized email, then who
would the sales team send like a
somewhat customized email to and then
who just got like a templated email
because we didn't have time to do the
rest, right? We just can't send that
hyperpersonalization of scale before
this. Now, you know, we've sent 20,000
post London. It'll easily send a highly
customized email to all 2500 people that
come. That's crazy if you think just
stop and think about that for a second.
It's doing all this for us.
And this also was something that took
not just me it took you know different
members of the sales team like
everything that we did is now
consolidated into this in a way where
the output is obviously fairly for us
positive at least right
we've seen some good gains here but it's
not without time right so our how we
think about using arisen specifically
for outbound and you'll see here that's
why I put the data like the positive
response rates do vary right and So this
is varied on agent. This is showing just
the So one's a website one. You'll see a
couple of these are attendee ones, but
different years. And so they have
slightly different training, slightly
different things that they're
referencing here.
But these are ones where, you know,
these positive response rates do vary
depending on how maybe recent they
interacted with us. Again, that was
probably true pre- AI and it's still
true now. But because our outbound
emails sent per rep, and this was a
crazy stat I just looked into last
night, our outbound emails per rep
across the board. So across the things I
just mentioned for us, you know,
tickets, sponsorships, speakers,
whatever.
On the average band 6 months ago was
anywhere between 75, you know, let's say
at the low end to 285 at the high end,
depending on the person. Some people are
were faster than others. Now, our AI is
blowing that scale out of the water. It
does 3,000 on its own per month in one
plat. This is just one platform. I have
another one that's always that I have
actually two more two more that's doing
outbound. This is just one platform
that's giving us this leverage.
And so I think again what's working for
us is using this to do hyper specialized
personalized you know messaging at scale
has been working.
There is a and which I fully believe it.
I've talked to Jasper who's the CEO of
artisan. There is a two to three week
warm-up period with artisan so that they
can get your deliverability as close to
perfect as possible. You want to do
this. You don't want to skip this step.
There's a reason they make everybody do
it. At first I was kind of annoy I'll be
honest like previous webinars I be like
it's kind of annoying it takes two weeks
or anytime I need to add new domains it
takes another three like I get a little
frustrated but then you wait and then
you see why because you're like okay
you're not only do your email in this
hit the inbox they don't go to
promotions just as a I can't even solve
that in Marquetto so many of our
newsletters end up in promotions these
actually go to the inbox and so again
just another point of like
differentiation there of things they
could do that we couldn't do six months
ago.
And at the start we had to review all I
was nervous. I wanted to review all the
emails myself.
But now I just spot check, right? I I
spot check it.
But I do mainly let the AI in or draft a
response. I don't let it send it fully
yet. Even six months in,
I think it's still and some of my other
agents I do empower to do full responses
without me looking. But this one in
particular, because of where Saster is,
and maybe if you have multiple products,
you might be the same way. Sometimes
people ask multi-threaded questions,
right? And so I think that's where the
AI is pretty good if you know, let's
just say in this scenario, it's to book
a meeting and that person's like, "Yeah,
I want to book a meeting." I'm like,
"Cool, here's the calendar. The AI can
do that." But if someone starts to ask
about speaking and sponsorship, that's a
common question we get. It's
multi-threaded,
it's not as good. And I think because
there's just some human nuance and okay,
do I feel like they're trying to ask me
about speaking or free tickets because
they want to they actually want to
sponsor or do they just want free
tickets and they're kind of wasting my
AIS? And so there's still a little bit
of that. you know, we do constantly
monitor the human attention and
responses specifically
in this platform that we're using. So
again, I do think it I think the
unexpected learning is for artisan in
particular and probably any other
outbound tool you use for AI for
outbound, it relies heavily on human
consistency for training and iteration
and quality of context. Like it's not
100% of not 100 okay 90% of the contacts
we've
reached out to with our artisan agents
are contacts we have they're not
contacts I'm going and finding in Luca
or Apollo or Clay or Artisan has a way
you can do it natively in the platform I
just you know I trust our contacts more
and so putting in all that data does
require time and it requires consistency
our on our end so when I've had more
time, you know, the sequences and
everything works better when I've had
less time. It still works on autopilot,
but I see a drop off in the amount of
responses we get. And that's cuz I just
can't keep up with the AI. 6 months in,
I have to try and give it fresh contact.
It used to be I would do it once a week.
Now I do it twice a week if I can
ideally because it's gotten better, too.
Right? Like I've empowered our agents.
It's gotten better. And so ideally twice
a week would be better.
So that's I think the again unexpected
learning there.
Anything you want to add on outbound
Jason.
No, I think I I
that I think that's a lot here is it's
interesting. I think there's a this is
plenty. I think the question I mean the
conclusion obviously is that moving from
the two human STRs we had the way we
were doing it to
AI there was no no downside in net right
>> actually not necessarily better it looks
like net the open rates and response
rates were roughly similar in the end
but we have 10 times the scale if I had
to summarize it right
>> correct y
>> the I guess the one question that I
might have around the audience is that's
great but what about like super high
value prospects, the ones you would want
to reach out to personally. How do you
how do we address that? How do you
measure that? How do you think about
that versus this is a broad swath of a
lot of potential prospects?
>> Yeah, it's a great question. Yeah, for
super high value folks, I still put our
AIS into draft mode across our agents,
right?
There's different use cases where I want
to hit different folks, different
parties with a message that is maybe
hyperpersonalized or it's somebody who's
actually met me and would know that you
know my Amelia gets sassaster.com is one
of my artisan emails and not
Ameilia.com.
And so for those folks like no matter
what platform I use, artisan does some
of them. Some other platforms do others.
Uh, I pretty much put the Adrian's draft
out and I see what it says, right? But
that still saves me time. Like having it
draft that next email either next email
or first email of, you know, whatever
I'm trying to action with them as like
the end goal is helpful versus me
writing everything from scratch.
Definitely helpful. I think I still
spend probably the most time making sure
the contacts are the right people.
I think where there's a gap right now
is for a lot of these folks, especially
our highv value ones, I always have to
find new people to CC, which is manual
like that. No AI can do this yet. Trust
me, I've looked like no AI can do this
yet. We're like because we have so many
CEOs and founders in our database and
maybe you sell to a lot of seuite
executives too. The biggest issue I have
right now in the AI is not that it's not
working or that we have high value
contacts that I can't draft an email to.
pretty good and fairly customized is
that you don't want to send it just to
CEO, right? So, if I'm going to email
the CEO of Data Bricks, like I want to
copy his press team, his chief of staff,
his CMO if it's for something speaking,
probably the CMO too for visibility.
Like, I don't want to just send it to
Ollie. like even though I have his email
and he knows faster and there's no way
to really do that in the like there's no
good way right now in any AI to find
those additional contacts
and also include them in a in a sequence
like right now across all across the
board all of our platforms are one to
one right so I think that's something
where we're six months in I do think
that will get better and the platforms
will let you do that more so down the
road but that part takes a lot of time
right now that's kind of like one of my
biggest pain points.
Okay, let's look to inbound cuz I want
to try and go through all of go to
market, but I'm already 30 minutes.
I'll pick it up.
All right,
this is the inbound. So, there's some
interesting numbers here on the right.
My zoom's a little bit in the way. We
actually have not had this for 6 months.
We've only had it since August. So
August, September, October,
a couple weeks in November, three and a
half months. We have not had this one as
long cuz I added outbound first and then
I tackled inbound. Again, you got to
stair step your use cases here on AI. I
wouldn't try and do everything in GTM
all at once. Do one, get it working,
then add another one if you want. So
then I added inbound. We've had you
could see it's had a lot of had almost
700,000 sessions with people which we
can never do physically
and it's had a thousand conversations.
So like sessions versus conversation in
this realm is that the sessions are
either I think it counts it where it can
answer it itself whereas a conversation
is something where the AI agent is
actually conversing with the person more
fully. It's looking, you know, it's
looking at his training. It's answering
it a bit more. I think that's the
nuance, but don't take my word for it.
But it's still a lot of sessions and
conversations. And then when I took the
screenshot, it was 91 meeting books and
then this morning it was close to 100.
So
we've had a lot of interactions with
inbound. Now that's always going to be
true, right? This is inbound.
But this is the data I wanted to share
cuz I will say I wasn't as hesitant as
adding an outbound agent. There's
alternatives to artisan if you don't
like that one. I like that one because
again it's highly specialized on
outbound. So I like that one because
everything it does is to get the like
similar results to what we're seeing.
Like that's literally its whole manifest
too. So I like to go specialized. I know
other people like to try and find one
platform that can do like multiple
agents and try and consolidate for a lot
of reason. But I like to go specialized
because I do feel like the specialized
ones for now still work a lot better
because they go deeper.
But anyway, so then when I added
inbound,
we've only had this, let's say, 3
months. The inbound agent has been
responsible for already a million
dollars of revenue. Now, you could say,
okay, some of that revenue would have
closed anyway, right? It's inbound.
People are reaching out to SAS in this
case, particular for sponsorships. You
could say, okay, you know, one that
would in the old days six months ago,
that would have been routed to a rep.
somebody would have responded eventually
gotten the meeting on the books and then
you know hopefully
I don't know I mean my data does show
our win rates are better now with a on
inbound than 6 months ago but assuming
it was similarish and still fairly high
let's say you know 750 of that would
have still closed
the onus here is that it closes not only
does it close a lot faster is what we're
saying in our data it's also closing at
a higher rate than previous to us 6
months ago. So even though it isn't
inbound and you could say okay there's
obviously inherent demand because
they're coming inbound
this has given context to both the
prospect and our sales team in a way
that it's giving us speed. So our inount
agent right now is definitely picking up
speed. A crazy stat I just saw too like
70% of our October close one came from
the AI.
So you can see right there was a little
bit of lag in August September and then
most of that million came last month but
then we have like another 2.5 pipe that
is literally attributed to meetings and
deals that came from the qualified
agent. And that's magical in a couple
ways. Now, I know some people like to
describe it as, okay, it's just a
meetings booker. I could do the same
thing with just a meetings booker.
That's like roundrobining. And if I show
that on a website with a little AI,
maybe that's good enough. And maybe that
is good enough for you. But I'll say the
difference here of why I've become a fan
of qualified for what we use in this
tool is that it gives you so much
context more than a meetings booker,
right? Like even if you have an AI
meetings broker that's doing round robin
per inbound
our agent is having conversations with
people like it's okay what you know let
me let me book the meeting but first
okay it puts the meeting instantly it
used to be 6 months ago you had to fill
out a contact form to disaster then I
would it would go to me I would
roundroin it so there's a delay like if
it's overnight or on the east coast or a
time I'm not awake there's a delay for
me to round robin Then I send the
roundroin to the rep. Then the rep has
to respond to that person. And so that
process is anywhere from within the same
hour to a day later. That highly
inconsistent 6 months ago. Now our agent
is empowered to book meetings on its own
and have a conversation. So it's send
it's not only booking the meeting
instantly where this used to take up to
a day at the worst case scenario. The
meeting is instant, but it's having a
conversation with this person so that
when I give it to the sales team, like
literally me and David will go through,
we'll be like, "Okay, what did they say
to the agent? Did they say anything
interesting?" The agent can also show
you other people who have been on the
website. You could say, "Oh, hey, cool."
Like, "This person actually booked the
meeting with me, but I saw their CEO was
on the site or I saw a lot of contacts
from the same company were on the site.
Let me see." And also what they were
looking at. It'll show you directly.
Okay, this is what they were reading on
the website. this is what they were
probably interested in. And so that
context just gives us a lot more like
highly pre-qualified contextualized
meaning, right? We don't really have to
do discovery anymore because the AI has
already done it. The AI already knows
what websites you are on. It already
knows who was on the site,
who was there, how many times you
visited the site. And because we have
ours on multiple domains, it can also
say, "Hey, they were also looking at XYZ
thing on saster.com." Like
again, I we don't do discovery anymore.
We're like, "Okay, our agent already did
it and already has the data. We just use
that to do like a theory of what we
think. We're like, "Hey, we saw you were
looking at XYZ thing. Is that actually
one what you want to talk about today?"
You know, part of sales is still
learning what their goals are just. But
we have, it's so nice now to get on a
club where we have that baseline with
folks. They appreciate it, right? That
you're not doing, you're not wasting 10
of their minutes on discovery. You
already kind of know what they're about.
You know what they've been doing. Or
sometimes they're like, "Oh, I didn't
know our CEO was on the site looking at
speaking." That's good to know. Maybe I
should look at a sponsorship package on
speaking. The conversations of quality
is anecdotally a lot better. I don't
have data around that, but maybe we will
now. But it's just nice that it can do
that. So that's an interesting context
on selling something that is more of a
higher ASP, right? Because for us,
again, tickets are like sub 1,000
sponsorships.
The most popular one is, let's say,
between the 50 to 100k range. There are
more custom ones than that. But this is
helping us with something that's at a
higher price point. Close one a lot
faster and we're seeing a lot more of.
I will say two two interesting things
before I move on to the next one and
then anything you want to hit Jason on
this one. But I see a lot of folks who
use qualified that limit their agent,
right? Like they limit it to talk to
support or talk to sales and there's two
buttons and that's kind of it. And then
when I talk to other people's qualifies,
I've seen it sometimes not as good. I'll
be honest, it's not as good. And that's
not a fall on the technology. That's a
fall on the training. Again, if you take
something that is a tier and make it
even better like we have like I've
empowered our qualified agents to ingest
all of our website. So across saster.com
which is you know 20 million words
saster aai London Saster annual our
YouTube channel things I upload to it
I'm like these meetings I upload these
meetings I upload some of my sponsor
meetings I'll upload calls to it so we
kind of know like what we're saying on
calls because it can ingest all that it
does so much more than I think most
agents do on qualified and so ours in
particular too is I think pretty good
but it's also pretty good because we've
empowered it to be that way. There's a
level of trust I have with my Ameilia AI
now that we've also, you know, I talked
a little bit about the outbound piece of
that's booking meetings for
sponsorships, but it was also selling a
lot of tickets. The inbound agent
previously, right, you would fill out a
form on the website
for sponsorships and then if you wanted
to buy a ticket, there was kind of
nothing. There was like you could email
events.com 6 months ago. It wasn't
great.
You know, the number one question our
chat gets now related to tickets versus
sponsorship is can I have a discount?
And so quickly, oh, I think a week in
when I saw it in the data with
qualified, we empowered the agent to
sell tickets directly. So, what it does
now is if you ask it that question or if
you prompt it for that question that
you're looking, you're like seeking a
discount, the agent's goal is to not
only give you that discount, it will
remind you because the agent lives on
our website. It will know if you come
back and if you don't after a couple
days, it will actually email you like,
"Hey, Jason, I gave you the code. We had
this nice conversation as Ameilia AI.
You didn't use it." And then it reset to
the code. Hey, are you still interested?
And people then use that code. Like
again, I can't do that as a scale just
me and it's something we didn't have
prior to this. So between our two
agents,
it's now 20% of our ticket revenue for
the upcoming London event. We'll see
where we net out for London and then
where we net out for annual because it
will have a lot more time. But I think
our AI just totally crushes it on this
kind of stuff.
If you can empower it, if you can get it
to work in the same way, man, does it
crush it. So, I love our AI. I actually
went to go film with qualified
and I think it's called Tabisk to make
our AI into a full-blown seller and
supporter where it's going to have my
video and voice. And so, that will
hopefully roll out by London and y'all
can play with it there in person, too.
But I'm just letting it do more.
>> It's good. Yeah, I want to keep moving
because this data is so good. We've said
it before, but when we look, you know,
we're we're 100 days in here, we're 125
days into using Replet, we're six or
seven seven or eight months into using
Deli.
If you're handsoff with your agent, not
only will it not perform, not only will
you not train it properly or iterate,
you won't realize all the things it can
do, it can do. So, all of our agents,
when you get good at it, if you just are
really hands-on with your agent, you
work with it every day, you watch
results, you're as quantitative and data
driven as Amelia is here, if you get
there, there is a pot of gold after that
because you will find your agent can do
so much more than you thought it could.
That is the magic. But you got to push
on. You got to get really good at what
you think it does and then open your
eyes for other use cases. All these AIs
get so powerful. They know all your
data. They ingest everything out of you.
And the underlying LLMs are so powerful.
They can't help but do more.
>> Yeah. I It's a you'll see like I see I'm
reading some comments in the chat too
while you're going. the, you know, our
again my SLR theory is I like to go deep
now with like specialized tools where I
can just keep adding use cases and add
agents within certain tools. I don't use
an all-in-one tool, but I feel like the
results are worth it. And so that's why
it's worth, you know, sometimes I have
to put stuff in artisan and qualified
separately. And is it a little annoying?
Of course it's a little bit annoying.
It's time consuming, but am I going to
do it because the response rates I think
will be better in the long run for
inbound versus outbound? Yeah. So, I'm
still going to do that for the
foreseeable future.
It's going to be a little bit annoying
and painful. That's true of anything.
Like outbound's always a little bit
annoying and painful. Like not like the
AI was going to magically wave its wand
and like glindify it. Like it's less
painful and have more scale, but it
would still help. If you didn't like
doing it before, AI, you're probably not
going to like doing it now.
>> Okay, a quick one here because I do
think I all I have like more use cases,
but maybe I'll have to do a part two.
AI and GTM the there's this middle
ground and I do want to spend some time
on this because I feel like most people
have a misconception about the next
product which is Asian force and I do
feel like I when I talk to people about
it they're always shocked they're like
what do you mean I have either they've
never seen it so I put like more
screenshots
or they're like not sure how to use it
because I don't know I think because
it's from an in, you know, an existing
company versus a it's an incumbent
versus a startup. I don't know. But
anyways, I get some mixed reaction, but
I'm like, yeah, part of our core stack
now is Asian force. So, I'll explain my
Asian force. I I've gotten to know their
team very well. They're all fantastic
humans. Let me say they are the nicest
people on the planet. They're like some
of the best people. And I now love also,
you know, I love the qualified team.
I've gotten to know Jasper and Artisan.
Part of this is I do trust the humans
that are on the backside. I think that's
if you're going to pick an AI vendor, I
do think that's part of it. Like you
should trust the humans. Look, you
should want to work with their human
counterparts. Like I called Replet's
team replets humans. Like Replet's
humans. Like we went there this week. I
was like, "Oh, we're going to go see
Reply Humans." I'm like, "But I like
those guys and I trust them." So same
thing with any vendor rep. We have this
middle ground where I've gotten to know
their team a lot and they you know I
think publicly they say their number one
their number one use case for agent
force is support and I'm building a 2.0
you know, agent that lives somewhere
between support and like
personalization. But our first agent
that we've deployed, and this was
recently, so this was just
right at Dream Force, which is like a
month ago. So, it's only been live a
month. This is our newest agent, right?
Cuz I had ours and I hadn't qualified
and then added a bunch of other stuff
you'll see in marketing and then I added
agent force
in we had a gap where it wasn't inbound
in the way that like qualified is. It
wasn't outbound in the way the artisan
mostly is. I had this gap where
embarrassingly
post SAS annual I was like we literally
just from this SAS annual have about a
thousand people our sales team never
followed up with. These were people who
literally filled out that form I was
talking about earlier said they wanted
information about SAS annual. I routed
it to a rep and then the rep did
nothing. I found a thousand of these
people which is all blonde. like I can't
kill I'm not gonna go I should email
those people an apology
one by one and email them but that again
that would take me too much time I need
the scale and so I thought okay this is
probably the best first use case for an
agent force agent because these people
raise their hand meaning they're already
in our salesforce because that's how our
forums used to work and I already have
info about them in Salesforce whereas
like Artisan does a lot of
personalization based on what they're
posting this the magic I would say the
agent course is that it knows everything
your Salesforce knows which sometimes I
say that to people and they're surprised
I'm like what
that's the beauty of it like it has all
your Salesforce data if you like click a
button and you want it to and then you
can use that to then sense the context
of the email so I'll show you what I
mean next but this was our first use
case we had a thousand leads nobody
wanted to follow up with.
So it's now sending out reach to mainly
those people like it's still working
that again it's newer so it's still
working that list of a thousand. I also
capped it right whereas like artisan's
doing 300,000 a month it's doing 3,000 a
month on on month six like agent force
is very much on I would say month one at
the end of month one going into month
two. So, I've capped it. So, it's still
emailing those thousand people that we
ghosted. But then I also started adding
people where if I have a conversation
with them
for ideal cycle, it starts to email them
a follow-up cuz sometimes I'm really bad
at them.
Between those two use cases, what we've
seen, and this is early days, is a
higher response rate so far and a huge
open rate. Like, I can't the open rate
of 72% is freaking high. You can't get
that in Marquetto. You can't get that
with a human that doesn't send that
email. The open rate is zero at equals
zero for an email that was never sent.
And even though it's early days, I'm
fairly bullish on this one because the
early data is pretty good. So I have
liked it for that. I think it's a good
use case that more folks are getting
into. Okay. versus, you know, again,
support is their number one kind of like
agents normal. Most people deploy fine,
whatever, but our qualified does
support. So, like I said one that did
sales and you'll see I put two sample
emails here. This was like a follow-up
email to again somebody we ghosted and
for this agent because it's early days,
I haven't empowered it yet to do
bookings itself. So, that's why it's
asking for a meeting versus like just
showing a direct booker. And Kyle
responded literally right away and said,
you know, no thanks, but I'll attend.
Again, never would have happened six
months ago because our sales team,
nothing against them. They just decided
not to follow up with these thousand
people. And
yeah, you could say maybe I started with
the use case that is low hanging fruit.
Sure, but why also why wouldn't you? I
already have so many use cases. the
other agents that we used that I wanted
one that was near and dear to me because
I was like if I inbounded to somebody
and they never followed up I salty
like maybe cuz the AI has data and you
know them being in our sales force and
what their company has done with us I
think it's like a nice note like you
know so I don't know that's where I went
into it the other thing I'll say about
agent force which was alerting is
there's two slide there so we're
flipping ahead on the deck
Because somebody asked this earlier
actually about the setup of it. Like it
is within the UX of Salesforce, right?
My biggest learning was like I am I will
admit I am not the greatest Salesforce
user on planeter. I was not the greatest
user 6 months ago. I've definitely
become a better user now in this
process. But I would by no means like
you know I'm not even certifi I'm not
not even certified like I know that a
lot of people I'm not Marquetto
certified either so I but I would say
like in my rankings the tools in our
stack six months ago I would say I was a
lot better at Marquetto than Salesforce
and I pushed a lot of things from
Marquetto to Salesforce just because
that's what I was trained on in the
early days as a marketer versus
Salesforce which was a sales stool
only back in the day they just wouldn't
give you access and so I didn't know all
the like nooks and crannies. I learned a
lot of them in this process and so I
think that's I think there's a
misconception on it's super technical
and nobody can get it to work. That's
like the number one thing I hear.
But honestly one I had help with all
these platforms. Artisan helped us help
set up artisan qualified helped us set
up qualified Salesforce helped us set up
Asian for like all of these they it
wasn't just me like we did a lot of the
training and tuning once we knew how it
works but they helped us with the setup
that's not vendor agnostic right now and
I think it's true of any good vendor in
AI right now they do have to help you
and they should want to help you get
successful they want you to have the
same numbers and results we have I think
this misconception of you know oh I
can't use agent for even on Salesforce
cuz it's probably too technical or it's
going to be doomed to fail or I probably
can't get, you know, I'll need either a
third party agency or like a Salesforce
admin to come do this for me. I'm not a
Salesforce admin. I figured this out
with their help.
So again, I think it's for any tool
where you'll need their help at the
start for sure. Like now I need less
help. Now I get how this works. But
you'll see too like a lot of things even
though they don't look the same are kind
of the same concepts. So once you learn
one tool because I learned artisan first
like this is for reference the artisan
setup where this is only two screenshots
of a very long page and it's great but
you're seeing like I'm putting in what
is this one for? This one's for London
tickets. I can tell because of what I
put in my proof points and then there's
coaching right here that I put in. Then
there's other things you have to put in
to the setup. This is not just similar
to that where I'm putting in
instructions on the prompt builder
similar to I actually copied my whole
page for I actually copied all the
instructions I put into artisan I just
put them into a force and rewrote them
for this use case of email people who
haven't been reached out to and then it
worked. So like some of the training you
do is again maybe not going to look
physically the same but some of the same
concepts I think are core across any AI
tool you use where again between the
ones I've shared so far artisan
qualified now Salesforce/ Asian force
like this logic that I had to learn 6
months ago okay this is how you tune an
agent this is how you train it this is
how you consistently update it does have
this kind of universality to it which I
know seems a little funky but Once you
kind of learn how to do in one, it is
easier to do the others. I don't think I
could have gotten successful on having
all of these agents and now learning how
to buy a good replet had I not taken the
time to learn the foundations of one of
them and go really deep so that I could
basically speed through the other ones
and say, "Okay, I kind of know a version
of this. I kind of know the concepts."
you just start to learn how to talk to
AI and talk to the agents and the models
with your data in a way that again no
one can teach you like it's just
something you've got to go through
yourself of okay I've learned now how to
talk to reply I've learned how to talk
to our agent birth agent I know how to
talk to qualified I know how to talk to
replet like again certain universalities
are there actually six months in where
if you kind of if you learn one you can
figure out the others because they're
not dissimilar to one
Okay. I There's a lot of questions.
There's eight minutes, but I haven't
really gone to all these. What do you
reckon, G? Should I keep going or should
I just do questions and do a part two?
>> You're on mute.
>> Sorry. Let's do questions. I think the
SDR outbound inbound is so important.
Let's take questions and then let's
break this up into a part two on the
rest of GTM and AI agency.
>> Okay. Okay. I could do part two next
weekend.
It will not be long. I could do part
two, but I haven't even touched on revop
CS and like marketing. So, there's a lot
there.
Let me go back to crush. Oh, some people
like keep going like do you want to be
here for
Hold on. Let me go back to Russian.
Go back to a few key questions and then
I'll do a quick overview and we'll do a
part two. So, I'll meet you guys in the
middle if that's okay.
Go back to the start.
Let me go back to the start.
Someone has asked, "What are the tools
you are using with success?" Yeah,
they're in this deck. And then I don't
Sorry, a lot of you asked for a link to
the deck. So, I'm going to put that in
now. It wouldn't let me do it while I
was talking.
I think I have to reframe
it to Jason, but
hold on. I do think this is important
because if we're going to do part two,
you guys can also tell me what you want
to see in the next one.
Okay, here it is.
Let me get you guys the link.
Not everything can be sold by AI. Some
things you have to do.
You're selling like finding this link in
a very roundabout way. But I've got it.
And also you guys can keep asking
questions. I will I'll stay on.
I can go over. So if you guys want to
stay on and get your question answered
or if you want to watch the replay later
that is good.
So copy link address. Okay slides.
There we go. Okay there's one
first major question I thought. Somebody
else is asking what's our tools and
stack because they join late. So at the
beginning of this presentation but if
you also go to faster.ai/agents AI/
agents. We talk a lot about these tools.
So, this has all the tools. You can see
I really didn't make it far. I only made
it through 13,
the ones I was going to go through
today, but we have a few here. So, you
can go to saster.ai/agents.
There's a little bit more on all of them
here. And then I linked this deck or you
can we'll draw it on saster.com too so
that you can also see it there. There's
a few good questions here. Right. They
gone the earlier part of the session
that was about
inbound and outboundation.
Some folks were asking what is our cost
for each of these tools. I think it's
and how you should budget for it.
It's a good question. I want to get your
thoughts on this as well, Jason. Mainly
on the budget side.
I would say for cost one, it depends on
what you're going to use it for.
And I'll give a quick anidote. I
literally spoke to a $50 million AR CMO
this week and he was like, "Oh, I have
10 betas going." And I was like, "Why do
you have 10 betas going right now?" He
I'm in a bake off with, you know, three
different outbound AISR tools, like two
for inbound, a couple more for allin-one
tools.
I was like, maybe don't do that.
Maybe my advice is to
stop all the I like why, you know, I
just want to see which one works the
best before I spend money. I'm like, I
think you got to make a bet here, dude.
Like I think in trying to save money,
you are actually spending a lot more
time than you normally would just
deploying these and getting the outputs
of AI by doing these 10 different betas.
I was like just pick one and if you feel
like the cost is prohibitive, work with
the vendor on the cost, see what they
can do for you. If not, go to fine. Go
to their competitor if you need to. But
I was like, don't do 10 trials because
you think it's going to magically save
you money in the end on AI. This is like
the craziest thing I've ever heard.
>> I think and to be it is to first of all
one I don't think you I mean it would be
nice to have a bake off but unless
you're going to invest the effort to
truly train all of them it'd be hard to
do a bake off than more than two
vendors. You should do a bake off for a
variety of reasons. There's different
flavors,
different UI UX, different limit. They
all have limitations. They all have
limitations. So I would bake but I
wouldn't do 10 because you won't put the
energy into training them. the bake off
will fail with 10. I would do two just
like in the old days. The one thing I
would say, Ameilia, you could add to it
is what's the pricing they ask. You can
talk to the vendors. Here's the tough
part. Basically, all the vendors that
were describing for this for GTM sales
type motions or marketing BDR, whatever
you want to call it, they all require
training. They all have a fair amount of
data and really they're mostly optimized
kind of around 100k price point. Now
sometimes it's 60 or 70K annual
>> and 30K to pay you for the onboarding
and training. Some of the vendors absorb
some of the onboarding costs, some
don't.
There are lower-end versions you could
but it is all in the tens of thousands
of dollars a year or more and probably
more like 20 30 40,000. Artisan that we
happen to use is launching a low-end
version, right? I think everybody will
and we will be on top of that. We will
be on top of that and we will test out
more of these cheaper versions and see
how the more automated training works.
I'm not skeptical with where LLMs and
AIs are going today. I think I can
guarantee you that the low-end cheap
versions just and this is true in
support which is further along. The
low-end cheap versions aren't as good.
And it's not that the software isn't as
good. I just did a deep dive with G2 on
the CEO of Zenesk and we talked about it
at Zenesk and support. The low-end
agents work. They just don't ingest as
much data. They might ingest your wiki
and a little bit of information. And so
the low-end Zenesk a engine is still
good, but it maybe only has 20% of the
power of the enterprise version. And I
suspect that's what's going to happen.
Instead of training this on every bit of
data we have for a decade, every
interaction, every customer action, it's
just going to simplify what it trains.
Maybe Amelia feels it differently. And
so it won't be quote as good, but it may
be plenty good. It may be plenty good
for $299 a month or 10 grand or what. We
don't know. We're going to be objective
and I think if we do nothing else, we're
going to pilot the low some low-end
versions of these and we'll compare and
contrast for you. But I am not aware of
in right now as this is recorded, I'm
not aware of any cheap AI SDR and BDR
tool that works because of the training
ingestion and data. But I wouldn't rule
it out for 2026. But I would budget 50
to 80 grand or more. And if you can't
afford that, don't expect much.
>> Just don't expect
today. No, it's a good point. And I
think yeah, the bake off thing was
interesting because that was something I
was just kind of shocked when I heard
this. I was like, what? I know you're
trying to save money, but I don't think
this is the way to do it. It's just too
many.
I was like, it's just too many and too
much. Like, you're either going to say
that they all suck or you're going to
kind of pick one and it's going to take
you too long to actually implement it
and your cuz the CMO like your CEO is
going to get frustrated with you.
There's a lot of problems in doing too
many bake offs from all these AI tools
in the vein of saving money, right?
There's other reasons you should do it
to Jason's point, but I think in the
vein of saving money, like this is not
the way to save money. The other thing
I'll say about budget, I think the 100k
range is right. Some are right below it,
some are maybe right above it. Depends
on what you use it for. Pricing does
fluctuate based on, you know, uses.
But the other thing I'll say about
budget that I've come to learn from
folks too and then like trials, yeah, a
lot of these are going to be rolling out
self-s served versions, right, where
it's more of a paid to go or, you know,
you can try it for a few months and see
how it goes and see if you get some of
the same results we do.
But I would say too, like the thing that
you should budget that is maybe more
important than the direct cost is going
to be time. So we also were able to
reallocate budget, right? There's
certain things you could do where this
was not new budget I had for all these
tools that I went to Jason and said,
"Hey, can Google Asian boards qualified
artisan?" But also around the time of
our event in May, a few people left
after. And so I was like, "Okay, instead
of replacing that headcount, which was
already budgeted, I will replace it with
the tool." And so that's another way to
do it. Like I'm not saying to fire
someone and then hire in the stool
instead. But if somebody
>> No, but we replaced two human the budget
from two humans to support our agents.
And we didn't fire anybody. It I really
think natural attrition is going to
create your budget more than you know if
you're going to fire someone because
they don't perform just fire someone.
Like you don't fire anyone good to
replace them with AI if you haven't
learned anything. If someone's fail if
they can't close anything or if your AI
SDR hasn't set a single appointment I
mean your human SDR maybe just replace
that budget with you know if your SDR
can't do anything. you know, you can't
do worse than zero,
but we'll track it. The many of you, if
you're early stage folks watching this,
you'll think that's expensive, and if
you don't believe in the vendor, it will
seem very expensive. It will because
you'll get quoted by a sales rep a lot
of money
>> and it will feel risky to you if the
deployment doesn't work.
>> You know, we that's why
>> we're not trying to be walking
billboards, but we do share the vendors
that we use. Others are good, too. But
if you get the right people, it's going
to work. But it it can feel risky. It's
tough to start at 500 bucks a month
today.
But you got to take a little risk in
life.
>> Yep. Uh there's another question for
about I think related to outbound for
what this question came in.
>> Oh, let me ask can I add one more thing
on pricing? It's interesting.
>> All of the vendors
>> have too much demand
>> including Salesforce. they have too much
demand. And so you're going to hear that
manifested with some of them where they
might not take your business.
And the main reason Amelia could maybe
share other anger she learned. I I've
seen it just a few ways. She's seen it
more often because she interacts more
with them. If you don't have enough
data, if they don't think you have a
rich enough data source to train these
agents, they might just even if you have
the money, they might not take your
business. We've sent a lot of business
to our the vendors we use directly or
just by doing this we generate million
we've generated millions of re dollars
of revenue for all these guys just by
sharing what we use that's the nature of
the beast but they've turned away a lot
of business we've sent to them
>> a lot of business so don't get flustered
but just be aware not only is it not
dirt cheap but if you're not an
appropriate candidate it's a it's bad
that they have too much business and
that it's like everything in AI folks
are overwhelmed with demand And but also
if they tell you they can't support you,
ask why and listen and they're probably
right.
>> Yep. I agree. I think the biggest other
thing I seen it's like I either through
this webinar or content we post, right?
Folks will then reach out to these
vendors or they'll ask me and I'll I'll
say, "Hey, I'll just make like an intro
to you to the team because now I know
them." And you know, I'll be like, "Hey,
did that ever work out? Did this person
that I referred you actually sign?" Some
of them do, some of them don't. So, it's
they do have a lot of demand, which
shouldn't turn you off, but also they're
going to go through with you and the way
they did with us. Saster is not unique
to this because I saw another question
in the chat.
Are we getting, you know, special
upgrades from some of our vendors to
help on pricing that aren't public? Some
Okay, now those three vendors I just
focused on today have become sponsors of
SAS. Sure. If Artisan hadn't Artisan
actually sponsored SAR before I became a
customer. So if they hadn't sponsored I
maybe I would be on a different SDR tool
talking about it. But because they were
a sponsor I did the classic thing. If I
just went to the founder Jasper and said
hey I want to use this post annual. Can
you help me get like the best person on
your team to help me set it up? Cuz I
didn't know as much at the time
and can you help me figure out like yeah
what is your pricing? How does all this
work? So, we went I just went to the
CEO, but again, I think if you know the
CEO of a company, you were going to do
that anyway. That hasn't changed
anything.
And then I put it in the chat. There are
a few features specifically
like beyond pricing. We're in a lot of
beta features, I would say, with all of
these vendors across the board. So, we
spent the most of the time today on
sales, but also in marketing. Most of
the things you'll see next week because
I'll come back and do a part two. We're
in beta features.
And I think that's partially because
one, this is not like a hubris thing,
but a lot of vendors have told us
because we have so many agents, we're a
lot faster now at adopting them than
just maybe a typical SAS company/Off
Office company. I think too, because we
spend so much time with them, I think of
more use cases, right? I'm like, okay, I
started using it for one thing, now I
only use it for another. And I'm like,
"Wait, can it I'm like, maybe can it do
this or that or maybe can it do XYZ
thing?" And so I just email, you know,
the founders or CS rep, whoever it is.
I'm like, "Hey, can the agent maybe do
this if I have this use case, like the
next use case?" And sometimes the answer
is, "Yeah, that usually the answer I
would say is, "Yeah, that's already on
the road map, but we can give you access
like we can have you guys test it, break
it." And so I we do get access to things
but also because we want to I want to
test these things. I have now
comfortability with the AI where I want
all those data features so I can be like
okay if I break it or if it hallucinates
I understand the risk there of testing
something that's not fully released. But
I will say that's my disclosure. We do
have some features on each of those
tools that are not publicly available
yet. But some of them are like either
just launching in the new year or soon.
But I don't think that's unique to maybe
that's unique to SAS. But I also think
it's there's a want there for there's a
like I personally have a want to do some
of those things and they have a want to
test some of those things.
>> Yeah. But let me just I think it's a
good question because we have do have a
lot of success. Some folks think it's
because we have so much data. We thought
in the beginning it turns out to not to
be true. You just need enough data for
these tools to work. You don't need 10
years of data. 6 months is enough. You
need a volume of actionable data. You
don't need to know who came to SAS
annual first meetup in 2012. data really
doesn't help. Okay, so it's not so much
data. Do we get special treatment? I
think we do. We get the best people at
these vendors helping us, the best
FDEEs, the best onboarding folks. And so
I want to tell you a counter story just
to help you qualify vendors. There's
another vendor on this list that we
thought about using
>> great founders like them. We were routed
to a very mediocre sales/onboarding
person who really didn't want our
business. told us we couldn't use
certain features and was a pain to work
with and so we passed them by and we
never used them. Do that yourself. Talk
to these vendors. If you have a bad
experience, don't use that one. And
don't Also, in the age of AI
is where I'm getting frustrated. Don't
get bamboozled by a sales rep that
doesn't know the product or isn't
technical. Ask to talk to an FTE or a
solution architect or an onboarding
specialist. Don't waste your time with
an idiot sales rep. the best there are
the I will tell you some of the very
best AI companies across the globe not
just any ones we're talking about the
best ones I know have really mediocre
sales teams that do not understand the
products they're selling they just don't
understand how AI coding tools work and
how AI support tools are trained or how
any of these tools are trained don't
stand for that in the age of AI because
a rep will tell you something that's
just wrong or they won't understand it
bypass it and say listen if you want my
real money I want to talk to the person
that's going to be onboarding me and own
it. And if some blocker that last worked
at, you know, a dated B2B company 5
years ago and doesn't know AI won't let
you talk to that person, find another
vendor. You deserve it. You deserve it.
Assume the sales rep, unless they're
technical or know their CRA or have done
a deployment, if they hesitate on an
answer, f talk to somebody else.
>> And so we just didn't deploy one of
these agents. It's probably as good as
the ones on this list. It's probably
just as good because we had the idiot
sales guy that he lost all this PR,
revenue, promotion, friends, and just
ran the deal into the ground. And
you deserve to talk to an expert, an FTE
or whatever it is before you sign before
you sign. And we did with Harry and
Rory. We had Mark Beni off on about a
month and a half ago and we talked about
what's the number one thing he wanted at
Salesforce. He not only do they does he
want to have thousands more forward
deployed engineers on agent force and
AI. He said he wished obviously it's not
practical at 44 billion in AR. He wished
every company could deploy their agent
and have value before they sign their
contract. Okay? And that's not practical
for Salesforce. It's not even practical
for the folks the startups on this list.
But you should demand as close to that
as you can. You should demand that you
at least talk to an expert who in 20
minutes can tell you exactly how
successful your tool will be. they'll go
that he can just look here or she can
just look at your Salesforce data, look
at your HubSpot data, look at your
Marquetto data, look at whatever data,
pop up a little bit and say, "Yeah,
listen. I did this with 20 other
customers and clients. This will work."
Or, "No, it won't work." You deserve
that. You deserve that. And if you have
to pay 20 grand for it for the training,
it's going to be your best 20 grand that
you're going to pay this year.
>> Yeah. The other thing I'll say
to add on to it and then we can answer a
few more questions. going to do part two
next week
somewhat related to cost like I
like I said we we replaced headcount
spend so I reallocate I should say
replace I reallocated headcount spend
into some of these tools that will start
to happen at your or as people naturally
leave for no matter what the reason you
can start to say okay can it is it a
role where I can start to earmark that
budget and move it into a bucket that
would then be an AI tool
That again, I'm not saying you have to
replace your entire SDR team with AI and
get these three agents that we have. You
can. We've done it, but we still have
humans here, too. Like, I'm saying the
magic of this is getting the best A tier
players on your team that are still
there
to become S tier with AI. So, I think
there's some of that. And I think a lot
of folks I talked to J more common, you
probably do too, Jason, that just say
they're not going to add headcount so
that they can empower their teams either
Q4 2025 or Q1 2026 with these tools.
Like they're just again reallocating
budget that they would have to say,
okay, instead of growing the sales team
from 5 to 10 humans next year, we're
going to keep it at five, but we
reallocate some of that spend to the
tool so that those five people can be
tier.
I think that's a good way to think about
it. The other thing I'll say we're not
immune from people roasting our AI and
so I think how that kind of plays into
cost if you decide to roast an AI in the
beta because maybe it's not very good. I
don't know all Listen, I don't know all
the tools. I know a lot of them. I've
seen a lot of them now. I can't say I
know them all. There's so many of them.
I do try if we can't use it for ourel I
do try to at least learn all the tools
and their capabilities so that when
folks ask me for recommendations I can
make at least an informed answer. So I
don't know all the tools but I will say
there are instances where people roast
our AI and they've roasted all of our
inherent vendor because they roast our
AI.
I think to some degree that's a little
bit okay and your team should be maybe a
little bit skeptical and maybe the out
listen the outputs are never going to be
perfect but the outputs with the human
are never perfect either so maybe if
there's one final takeaway before we
answer the last questions is if it
wasn't working preai it probably still
won't work now
if it was working or was working kind of
good and AI can get you that leverage
then as you've seen in our results then
it's even better, but it, you know, if
you hated outbound preai, you're still
going to hate outbound. If you hate it,
if you didn't have the best support or
you still don't have the best support
documentation for your AI to ingest,
then your support is still probably
going to be B tier versus F tier. There
are times where our agent can't answer a
question and it's a support question and
I'm like, that's my failing. That's and
they should I know people roast the AI
in those times when, you know, it's
happened. I put it somewhere in a slide.
I think less than 10% of the time or I
think 3% of the time. Well, we yeah,
we'll touch on it next week. Less than
3% of the time, but when they do roast
it, I'm like, you know what? It's not
even a failing on my AI's fault. It's
actually a failing on my fault. Like,
it's something they're asking the AI
that I didn't train it on. I didn't do
it on even though it has 20 million
words. There are certain use cases and
scenarios where people ask certain
questions that our 20 million words do
not have the answer to and they were not
going to have the answer to preAI and
they don't have the answer to. Now
last couple questions then we'll wrap
and we'll come back for part two next
week. There's a few specific questions
that are fairly technical but I think
they're good ones just if you guys are
thinking through this as well. So the
first one's on artisan. So I'll come
back to here which we use for outbound.
There's two questions on it. One someone
has said have I played around with the
lead genen contacts that it has. Related
question is have I seen artisan engaging
with duplicate contacts in a smarter way
than maybe a human would?
Is there anything built in to prevent
bombarding inevitable dupes? So on the
first part, have I experimented with
their legion context? Yes, I commented
on the chat. I just started. So like to
this point if we're six months in, I
have 99% of the contacts are ours. I
just started using it to see how I I
wanted to learn. I wanted to see how it
does on completely cold outbound
contacts. But that's a new experiment
I'm running. So it's too early for me to
say yet if the data was if the contact
data was good enough for us to keep
adding. But again, I don't think you
with the beauty of artis like even
though you have used to train like the
sub a you can call it sub aents you can
call it sub campaigns whatever
separately
the it's too early for me to see on you
know outside contacts but I do want to
test it because there's other things we
use when for instance I need to find a
new email for a contact that existed in
our ecosystem which I think is a lot of
people but is not there anymore we have
a lot of contact They've got 12 years of
SAS annual data like six year open now.
These people are not all at the same
job. They may still be in SAS and they
still may be at a company I want to
reach out to and that's where I use
contact arrangement to get their new
contact. A lot of people we have Gmails.
I will say we've been very careful since
the start to get Gmails to folks. So
you're not going to change your Gmail.
So I have those. But for context and
move on, which I think is a common
occurrence for most folks, that's where
I'm testing it. So it'll be interesting
to see how that pans out. Now on the
question on dupes, a lot of the I will
say I don't get dupes within a single
agent. So Artisan has Artisan will ddup
your list across you know multiple
campaigns, multiple agents. Qualified
does the same thing. Salesforce does the
same thing. Where there's a gap is
because I have three. I have to be super
careful in saying okay this bucket of
contacts going to artisan. this bucket
going to qualify, that bucket going to
Salesforce,
>> and then inevitably all contacts. Yeah.
All contacts are out of Salesforce
because we use Martin to Salesforce and
so they're kind of all already in
Salesforce anyway. And so I don't really
see a lot of due per one vendor. So if
you only use one vendor, you won't have
the issue I do. But my issue right now
is I have to be super careful in manual
oversight to make sure those contacts
are not getting hit by three different
agents cuz those three agents as of
right now mostly do not talk to us.
They're getting there though. Like I
know Artisan just pushed Artisan just
pushed an update where they you could
turn on a toggle and you can pick what
Salesforce campaigns you want it to
exclude. So that's great. So it's
starting to solve for this problem if
they know some of their customers like
us have multiple agents that don't all
live there. Qualified already syncs
natively to Salesforce. So it kind of
has that toggle by default.
So again because the backbone of all
these three is that Salesforce is the
common denominator. It works
but I do think it's a it's an
interesting nuance there. Like you may
not have that problem if you just go
deep on one, but I've got that problem
now where trying to get data across the
different agents is sometimes right now
a little bit manual pushing it to a few
different places. That's inevitable, but
again because we're getting good
results, I think it's worth it for the
interim.
Last question and then anything you want
to hit
Jason in the end. Let's do it. Somebody
asked me about how to trigger all these
which I think is a good question. It's
fairly technical, right?
Let me stay here. So, they're all again
the underlying foundations and training
are all a little bit the same but you
know particular to the vendor that you
use. And so the way you can trigger in
I'll just go through them for you real
quick. The way you can trigger in arten
is you can upload a list. That's the
easiest thing you can do. You can just
export them. That's what I do honestly.
I just export or again I don't want the
contacts to be on the other two agent. I
export the contact. I upload them.
That's the way I do it. That's the
easiest way to do it. Now you can
there's other ways you can do it. You
can, like I said, now you can kind of
like cherry pick from certain Salesforce
campaigns or contacts that you have. You
can do just like a search, like an
intent search on there and do it that
way. I use CSV. It's the easiest trigger
also because I don't I've seen this I
don't know if this is like a again a
platform thing or a me thing, but I've
tried different sizes in Artisan really
different campaigns and different
audiences, but I see 800 to a,000 as a
sweet spot. So the other reason why I do
CSV is I want to keep it in that band
because it seemed to perform better for
whatever reason. I keep it in that band.
Triggering on qualified is more so
automatic. So also the user can just
talk to the agent. So if you guys go on
Saster London right now, you can talk to
my AIA AI. That was something where in
the early days I used to I still
somewhat do it but I used to monitor a
qualified like a hawk and be like what
are people saying to Ameilia AI? Is she
giving the right response? Is she saying
the right thing? Now I've obviously
built some like trust and comfortability
with it and I let it run and it will
tell me if it needs help. Like it'll
raise its hand and say someone's
interacting and needs your help and then
I'll jump in. But now if she doesn't say
that then I just let it go full
autopilot. So, that's how that's
triggered. I'll talk next week in part
two how I trigger some of the emails
that it's doing. I made the earlier case
of if I if our agent gives you a code,
it sends you an email follow-up in a few
days. I'll show that more so next week
on the marketing side because there's
different ways you can think about using
that use case that's relevant for you.
And then in agent course, the trigger is
I don't have a screenshot for it. Such a
good question, but the trigger is based
on either the you can do it on a cam
lead level, contact level or like a
campaign level.
It's I will say that portion of it I
think don't I think they just pushed it.
I think you know as we were rolling this
out we did it very manually just to make
sure it wasn't like spamming a thousand
people all at once. But then since then
I've been able to say okay I've got like
a list of contacts already in
Salesforce. I could put them into a
campaign and then I can attach just I
then I could just have the entire
campaign go live on the agent and it'll
parse it out the way it thinks it
should, right? Okay, you got a thousand
people and I can hit them all at once.
I'm going to see what time zone they're
in. I'll look at the times you want me
to email those folks and I'll just start
to queue them up. You can do it either
way. It's actually gotten easier. So, I
commend them on that. It's gotten easier
on how to in our use case for this sales
this sales motion that we use it for.
It's gotten easier to trigger this
particular flow.
Any else want to wrap on? Sorry, we have
to do part two, guys.
>> Good. Okay, cool.
>> Similar. Great job. Appreciate it.
>> Yeah, you guys can
keep you can I'm just like I said
earlier, I'm just similar.
We try and answer any additional
questions. I'm not on LinkedIn that
often, but I will add you in the week
when I check it. And then and then the
we will do part two next week, so I'll
send that as a follow-up to everyone so
we can cover the rest of GTM. And then
I'll do a much shorter version of this
at Sastra AI in London. If there's
anything you want to see in particular
for part two, I've already gotten some
good ideas from this. Just let me know.
I will put into part two and I will see
you next Wednesday.
Bye everyone.
[Music]
You didn't create a startup to run a
small business. Let Salesforce help you
connect data, automate busy work, and
empower employees on the only platform
you will ever need. No matter how big
you get with smarter AI and builtin
collaboration tools like Slack, which we
use and you use, the sky is the limit.
Learn how Salesforce works for startups
at salesforce.com/sm.
That's salesforce.com/sm.
[Music]
Hey Ser, imagine having agents for every
support task. One that triages tickets,
another that catches duplicates, one
that spots turn risk. That'd be pretty
amazing, right? Happy Fox just made it
real with autopilot. These pre-built AI
agents deploy in about 60 seconds and
run for as low as 2 cents per successful
action. All of it sits inside the Happy
Box omni channel AI first support stack,
chatbot, co-pilot, and autopilot working
as one. Check them out at
happyfox.com/aster.